=head1 NAME

ncftool - Network configuration tool

=head1 SYNOPSIS

ncftool [command [options]]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

ncftool is a command line utility to configure networking.  It can be invoked
with no arguments to bring up the interactive ncftool shell.  Alternatively a
command and optional arguments can be specified to have ncftool execute the
command non-interactively.

=head1 COMMANDS

=head2 B<list [--macs] [--all] [--inactive]>

List the currently configured toplevel network interfaces

=over

=item B<[--macs]> - show MAC addresses

=item B<[--all]> - show all (up & down) interfaces

=item B<[--inactive]> - show only inactive (down) interfaces

=back

=head2 B<dumpxml [--mac] [--live] name>

Dump the XML description of an interface

=over 4

=item B<[--mac]> - interpret the name as MAC address

=item B<[--live]> - include information about the live interface

=item B<name> - the name of the interface

=back

=head2 B<define xmlfile>

Define an interface from the specified XML file.

=head2 B<undefine iface>

Remove the configuration of the specified interface.

=head2 B<ifup iface>

Bring up specified interface.

=head2 B<ifdown iface>

Bring down specified interface.

=head2 B<change-begin>

Mark the beginning of a set of revertible network configuration changes.

=head2 B<change-commit>

Commit (make permanent) a set of network configuration changes begun
with B<change-begin>.

=head2 B<change-rollback>

Rollback (revert) a set of network configuration changes begun with
B<change-begin>.

=head2 B<help [command]>

Print details about command, if specified, or list all commands if
command is not specified.

=head2 quit

Exit the program.

=head1 SEE ALSO

interfaces (5)

=head1 AUTHORS

Please refer to the AUTHORS file distributed with netcf.
